WE BEGIN AS WE BEGUN, WE END AS WE WIN
WE LAY WHAT LIE
WE LIE WHAT LAYS
SO THAT WHAT LAYS MAY LIE
SO THAT WE MAY LIE
TO PLAY
TO PLAY TO WIN
TO WIN IS TO PLAY
THAT IS THE GAME
NICE TO MEET YOU
FELLOW
GAME GAMERS. Players, Geeks, Nerds, Dorks Weirdos and My little freaks and Friends.
MY Angels, Please, Follow My Drum Beat.
Please Rhyme With Me.
Please Shuffle OUR Decks.
So That WE May BE
AS YOU"VE
Always Been.
Because I Did Not Speak IT Into Existence.
You DID Not Speak IT Into Existence.
You Tried You're Best To Write Your Own Rules.
Because Yes It Takes Two To Tango.
But, And Yes AND WHY?
Because IT makes Us. If WE Make It.
I want TO Be the Fun
House
Mirror.
I want anyone to see me in them.
And Go.
WHAT 
The?
Fuck???
And Then, 
You Will Always.
Have
To draw another.
[Kards](..\..\..\Blackbook\kards.md) [The](..\..\..\Blackbook\the.md) [HEART](..\..\..\Blackbook\heart.md) [OF](..\..\..\.archive\empty\OF.md) [The](..\..\..\Blackbook\the.md#.md#) [Kards](..\..\..\Blackbook\kards.md)
I Wrote This. So That I Could WILL It
I'm No Longer Lying.
I'm Speaking,
I'm Being Brave.
I'm saying WHAT
WHEN
How
I 
Want
TO 
SAY
IT?
But If the Lion Roars and THE Mirror shows lighting
Then There Must Be A Storm Coming.
There Must Be A Sunset On The Rain.
There must Be A Devil On Earth.
Because If You Speak Its Name. THE QUESTION WILL APPEAR.
IS IT HERE?
DO I SEE IT?
DOES IT SEE ME?
Because IT IS What IT IS right?
Then What's LEFT?
What Are Your Questions for the Dead.
So That We May Live On.
What Is [IT](..\..\..\.archive\empty\IT.md)?
IT IS THE NAME
AND THAT NAME IS?
THE ONE WE DONT SAY.
Satan?
Not Him.
Why?
He IS Not Here, Not Here at least. Atheist. A Theist. Because if  You BELIEVE IN A DEVIL.
You CAN Make The and I Mean [The](..\..\..\Blackbook\the.md#.md#.md#) Choice.
To Do What's Right And Just.
So You May Be
THE CHOICE.
Because Its Always A Choice.
I Made The Choice To Write THIS.
I Made The Choices That Have Assigned These Meanings.
I Gave Time His Due
So What Time IS It?
3:49:AM 9/24/2025
I Love You.
I'm Sorry.
I Didn't Mean To Lie To You
Because I Really DO
Mean No Harm.
I Mean IT.
I Mean
No
Harm.
So
What Harm Have I done?
If I'm looking For the Harm I Will See it.
If I'm Looking For Him I will see Him.
If Make Him Real By Speaking His Name.
The Devil I made The Deal With
So I Could Be The King
SO I could Be the Lion
For My EMPEROR
For My NEW Meaning.
Because IT CAN ALWAYS HAVE A NEW MEANING
[&](&.md#) But [But](..\Directives\But.md) [Why](..\Questions\Why.md) But [&](&.md#) 
[THE LAW](..\..\..\Blackbook\the-law.md)
[{{{{{{{{&}}](..\..\..\Blackbook\%7B%7B%7B%7B%7B%7B%7B%7B&%7D%7D.md)
[Seeker & Seer](..\..\..\Blackbook\(warning.md)-do-not-read/crime-ally/characters/seeker-&-seer.md)
Speaker OF
[VOID TONGUE](..\..\..\Blackbook\void-tongue.md)
[{&&&}](..\..\..\Blackbook\%7B&&&%7D.md)
[Patience](..\..\..\Philosophy\Patience.md)
[THE SPELLS IT MAKES.](..\..\..\Blackbook\the-spells-it-makes..md)[Patience](..\..\..\Philosophy\Patience.md)[Passion](..\..\..\Philosophy\Passion.md)[Prophecy](..\..\..\Philosophy\Prophecy.md) 
[PROVIDENCE.](..\..\..\Blackbook\providence..md)
Praise Be HER
So I May See HER.
[{&&&}](..\..\..\Blackbook\%7B&&&%7D.md)

